magento/devdocs#: Declarative schema and Develop data and schema patches. Execution priority. (#5451)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/extension-dev-guide/declarative-schema/data-patches.md

The sequence of installing patches is handled through a dependency-based approach. Patches can either be independent or dependent on other patches. Independent patches can be installed in any sequence. A dependent patch requires a minimal number of patches so that it can be installed successfully.

{: .bs-callout-info }

> Magento prioritize a declarative schema approach and executes updates from the [db_schema.xml]({{ page.baseurl }}/extension-dev-guide/declarative-schema/db-schema.html) before the data and schema patches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magento prioritizes the declarative schema approach and executes updates from the [db_schema.xml]({{ page.baseurl }}/extension-dev-guide/declarative-schema/db-schema.html) before the data and schema patches.
```

Author: **fixed**
